as such two mortals three mortals
this little one that I liked the circus
I wanted to be a circus tamer and tamer
face the stones put me
in front of them with my whip my chair
and dominate the team xavi is my nephew
when I was little I was a great boy
Smart and handsome is good but only
had a defect the circus say by
say how to invest you had to
take it every day so I had a
these suit of tamer who put it
in the morning I would put it in the afternoon
I even slept with him but look
where has he become a tamer and to be
owner of his own circus
flea up
he is putting on a mask and denies
that they have connected the heat is very
high and you could stay
with her ying wang mask we put her
inside the canyon
the highest
basically the risks of fleas is a
circus show where the tamer
filled with much patience
tame these tiny artists to
to juggle acrobatics
many numbers are the same as they did
in previous centuries many have innovated
but what are still the
authentic protagonists of the circus are
fleas or solidity and that if the
we take and there are more than 200 species
different from this delictual type are
able to drag 160 times its weight
they could jump 100 times their height and
could perform about 600 before in a
good time to train fleas inside
of the two thousand varieties that I have the
what I recommend is the public if rita cns
which is the flea of ​​man over all
the females because they are a little more
lists once we get to us the
fleas what we do is immediately
place them inside matchboxes
this is because the natural tendency of
the flea is moving in jumps to
Avoid this
we closed them one season in the
boxes then as they go
hitting the head for trying
escape they learn to walk once they have
learned from walking is when we can
start training those in a thousand ways by
example we can do little tricks
around your body and can pull
wagons like this one from small that
can do more by asking trinas
which it is having repellent effect to
fleas we apply in small doses
about balls then when we approach
these journalists with this effect
repellent over the fleas these the
they try to expel and pretend that they are
hitting a ball
if you have a test of three players
what escalante
To anybody
delicious
as you can see the gloves to work
to get to see
there it is for the first criminal of
Attention
because the ball shoots the same
there is no historical document that
tell us when the circuses begin
fleas are supposed to be on the 16th on the 17th
representations were already made of those of
the courts by jesters
but it was not until 1833 when bertolotto
who supposed he was the father of the
modern flea circus writes a
book called the history of a flea
which is the first document file
historic that we have
then it begins to spread through the USA and
england and two types of circuses are born
ones that contain real fleas and
others that the coach has
Mechanical or magnetic mechanisms for
simulate that there are fleas
thank you very much for coming
surely we will continue thinking that
you are nuts but at least you can
say that you have seen a magic circus
of fleas
Y